Adding a note for release-team Google Group access (#1919)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/shadows.md

* Apply to be an Org Member if they are not already (see below).
* Join the [#sig-release slack channel](https://slack.k8s.io/).
* Get added to the `kubernetes-release-team` group by the Release Lead.

> * Join the [sig-release](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubernetes-sig-release) and [release-team](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/release-team) Google Groups and calendars. For release-team group, you need to wait until you lead add you to the group to get access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Join the [sig-release](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubernetes-sig-release) and [release-team](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/release-team) Google Groups and calendars. For the release-team group, you need to wait until a lead adds you to the list to get access.
```

Author: thank you @saschagrunert !

Reviewer: It looks like still not fixed, did you push the changes? :)
